I have Ron Andy from outside Xbox here
to give you a look at Call of Juarez
gunslinger the latest game of the
Corinth Juarez series and the first one
to be a downloadable XBLA game now you
may recall the last game in the series
Call of Juarez the cartel took place in
the modern day and was dreadful so for
the COG block so it's a relief the
gunslinger moves the action back to the
Old West where everyone wore fancy hats
and said things like tarnation the game
opens with a former gunslinger named
Silas Greaves dropping into a saloon to
wet his whistle Greaves is apparently
famous around these parts thanks to dime
novels and penny dreadfuls telling of
his exploits and the rest of the bars
patrons ask to his stories about his
adventures Greaves apparently doesn't
need much convincing as he launched it
straight into an hours-long story about
everything he ever did I was paid a
healthy bounty for Ringo and curly bill
and realized it was real money to be
made that's why I went after Henry
Plummer the mission C player grieves his
recollections although his memory isn't
everything it used to be as details
change and new features pop in as he
suddenly remembers them
it's a neat concept and the voice actor
playing Silas helped sell the idea with
his gravelly narration for luckily a bar
and materialized as if right before my
eyes
I scrambled up top to get a better view
it also leaves you with the question of
how much of what Silas is telling the
bar patrons is true he seems to have met
just about every famous character from
the Old West at some point during his
story bounty hunting career from Pat
Garrett and Billy the Kid to Jesse James
and the Dalton brothers taking on some
of the most notorious outlaw gangs of
the period single-handedly also he's
drunk well I've had more than a few
drinks in there while Silas his
recollections might not be considered to
be 100% historically accurate
yeah I didn't kill Jesse James just
wounded him bad enough to convince him
to hang up his guns each level is dotted
with secret pickups which give you some
proper historical background on the
period and the real-life historical
characters you'll meet kind of like an
assassin's creed codex for the American
Old West they even use the facts to
explain things like boss characters in
human stamina which I found pretty good
but in adult who survived the robbery in
Coffeyville he's the only dark blue did
they say he was shot 23 times well do I
had who do you think put all those damn
holes in him the actual gun slinging of
the title is handled well weapons are
all Old West staples so you have a
choice between various varieties of
revolvers shotguns and rifles and each
of them feels weighty to use the
revolvers have a satisfying crack to
them while shotguns genuinely feel like
they could cut a man in half as you take
out enemies un XP which you can use to
level yourself up in one of three
different skill trees gunslinger Ranger
and trapper which basically correspond
to pistols rifles and shotguns
the gunslinger tree for example will let
you dual wield revolvers reload them
quickly while the chamber is spinning
and eventually unlock a fancy engraved
revolver that does extra damage as with
any game like this combat can start to
get a little repetitive but there are
some nice touches which can help keep
things interesting you have a
concentration bar which you can use to
slow down time and highlight enemies
with quick and stylish dispatch
you'll have a meter on the side of the
screen called the sense of death which
lets you avoid an otherwise fatal bullet
and recharge your health if you get a
last-second Dodge right for somebody
else sometimes they'll even throw in a
quick QTE to let you clear a room of
baddies with cinematic ease not
particularly challenging but it does
help break things up each level usually
enter the boss fight most the time these
take the form of High Noon style duels
using the same inscrutable system from
Call of Juarez bound in blood where you
have to balance your concentration and
your hand position using the two sticks
to give yourself a quicker draw time you
can also draw early if you don't mind
getting a dishonorable note on your
permanent record some say I fought
unfairly but they weren't the ones
looking him in the eye that day hey it's
the Wild West out here come on it looks
lovely and oozes with pulp cinema star
whenever it can get away with it at one
point even a gun gets its own badass
intro
it's probably my favorite of the Juarez
games also Silas is a way more likeable
protagonist than the series has ever had
before seeing as I hated all of them a
calls from the previous games and the
historical layer on top is a really nice
touch once you're done with the lengthy
campaign there's also in arcade mode
where you have to string together kill
combos for as long as possible and dual
mode where you can practice your dueling
skills against the selection of Old West
legends like far cry 3 Blood Dragon Call
of Juarez gunslinger is a solid FPS with
an enjoyable hook available for a
bargain price if you're on the lookout
for stupid fun Wild West shooter look no
further
now did I ever tell you about the time I
reviewed Call of Juarez gunslinger it
was amazing I was on the back of this
speeding truck and all these Sam
helicopters they were they were chasing
us and Robocop was there